remove: Removes `cloud_backup_schedule` deprecated params (#3560)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/guides/2.0.0-upgrade-guide.md

- `export` and `auto_export_enabled` are now optional only arguments in `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule `. This facilitates tracking changes in their configurations. 

> - `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id` attribute has been removed from `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule`. Use `copy_settings.#.zone_id` instead. To learn more, see the [1.18.0 upgrade guide](../guides/1.18.0-upgrade-guide.md#transition-cloud-backup-schedules-for-clusters-to-use-zones).

Author: thinking if we should consider to group these points by resource/data source in our upgrade guides, similar to how we have in the Changelog, so something like:

```suggestion
resource/mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule:
- `export` and `auto_export_enabled` are now optional only arguments. This facilitates tracking changes in their configurations. 
- `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id` attribute has been removed. Use `copy_settings.#.zone_id` instead. To learn more, see the [1.18.0 upgrade guide](../guides/1.18.0-upgrade-guide.md#transition-cloud-backup-schedules-for-clusters-to-use-zones).

datasource/mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule:
- `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id` and `use_zone_id_for_copy_settings` attributes have been removed. Remove any usage of `use_zone_id_for_copy_settings` & replace any references to `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id` in your configurations with `copy_settings.#.zone_id`. To learn more, see the [1.18.0 upgrade guide](../guides/1.18.0-upgrade-guide.md#transition-cloud-backup-schedules-for-clusters-to-use-zones).
```

Author: WDYT @marcosuma @AgustinBettati @oarbusi ?

Reviewer: Maybe instead of "resource/mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule" something like: "For mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule resource" and then the bullet points with the breaking changes

Author: right, but then how do we differentiate between datasource & resource? Will bring this up in the team meeting, let's continue the discussion there

Reviewer 2: it definitely makes sense to group. Maybe we can have grouping and sub-grouping, like
* `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule`
  * Resource:
     * ...
  * Data Source:
     * ...

Reviewer 2: Update: we'll check with our PM to see what's the best structure. We'll consider what other major terraform providers are doing
